[KB-309] intro updated (#217)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_thesis/src/sections/introduction.tex

    \item We have contributed directly to the development of \gls{pyhat}, a Python-based toolset by \gls{usgs} for machine learning and data analysis on hyperspectral data. Our work has been integrated into the toolset, further enhancing its capabilities for the scientific community.
\end{itemize}

The remainder of this paper is organized as follows:

> In Section~\ref{sec:related-work} we review the related work of quantitative analysis in the field of \gls{libs} data analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Section~\ref{sec:related-work}, we review the related work on quantitative analysis in the field of \gls{libs} data analysis.
```

Section~\ref{sec:problem_definition} formally defines the problem addressed in this work.
Section~\ref{sec:background} provides an overview of the data used in this work, preprocessing techniques, and machine learning models and techniques used in our proposed pipeline.

> In Section~\ref{sec:baseline_replica} we present a brief introduction to the \gls{moc} model and our previous work of replicating it. The results presented are used as a baseline comparison for our stacking ensemble.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Section~\ref{sec:baseline_replica}, we present a brief introduction to the \gls{moc} model and our previous work on replicating it. The results are used as a baseline comparison for our stacking ensemble.
```

> Section ~\ref{sec:proposed_approach} introduces our proposed approach of addressing the problem definition, including the model and preprocessing selection, our data partitioning and cross-validation strategy, and our optimization framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Section~\ref{sec:proposed_approach} introduces our proposed approach to addressing the problem definition, including model and preprocessing selection, data partitioning and cross-validation strategy, and our optimization framework.
```

> Section~\ref{sec:methodology} introduces our experimental design and results of the experiments conducted in this work, including the results of our stacking ensemble.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Section~\ref{sec:methodology} details our experimental design and presents the results of the experiments conducted in this work, including the outcomes of our stacking ensemble.
```

> Finally, Sections~\ref{sec:conclusion} and \ref{sec:future_work} conclude the paper by summarizing our findings, discussing the implications of our work, and providing suggestions for future research.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, Sections~\ref{sec:future_work} and \ref{sec:conclusion} conclude the paper by summarizing our findings, discussing the implications of our work, and providing suggestions for future research.
```

> Finally, Sections~\ref{sec:future_work} and \ref{sec:conclusion} conclude the paper by providing suggestions for future research, summarizing our findings, and discussing the implications of our work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, Sections~\ref{sec:future_work} and \ref{sec:conclusion} conclude the paper by summarizing our findings, discussing the implications of our work, and providing suggestions for future research.
```

> Finally, Section~\ref{sec:future_work} and Section~\ref{sec:future_work} conclude the paper by summarizing our findings, discussing the implications of our work, and giving suggestions for future work, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, Sections~\ref{sec:conclusion} and \ref{sec:future_work} conclude the paper by summarizing our findings, discussing the implications of our work, and providing suggestions for future research.
```
